there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases, there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned.	doing as one pleases or chooses;
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as "associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy" for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language;
a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession, and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary, the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled.	win something through one's efforts;
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	a standard or typical example;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances;
this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver, which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver, where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject.	place (something) where one cannot find it again;
a person takes leave from his or her routine activity (such as work or school) for a duration of time. the duration can be any length of time, as long as the absence is temporary.	failure to be present
a trigger elicits a response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	an account of the series of events making up a person's life
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient. in the absence of further qualifications, it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme.	provide (usually but not necessarily food);
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	territory over which rule or control is exercised;
an agent actively (yet not always with success) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is (usually) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent.	abstain from doing; always used with a negative;
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date.	engage for a performance;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death);
an agent has attempted to achieve a goal, and the actual outcome of the agent's action has been resolved, so that it either specifically matches the agent's intent (e.g. success) or does not match it (e.g. failure).	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome;
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;
a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities;
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units;
this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with a co-resident.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of;
a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language
a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade, including another tool.	what something is used for;
this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal;
this frame contains (transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count, unit and process.  in this frame, we will not annotate deictic, calendric uses of nouns like week, month, etc. as in "next week, this month, in the 21st century".	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something;
while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	hit against; come into sudden contact with;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a request for something to be made, supplied, or served;
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group. alternatively, a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen, purpose only relates to party_1.	satisfy a condition or restriction;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose;
there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location.      the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness, as shown in the following examples	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future;
an entity is in a specified state. when not explicitly specified, the state usually concerns the entity's health, repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes;
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a committee having supervisory powers;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount;
a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation	financial assistance in time of need
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous, though if it is, it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to a time or place.	of major significance or importance;
these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position (e.g. director, king, president), and verbs describing the action of leadership (e.g. rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often a name of a leading position, e.g., king)	exercise authority over; as of nations;
an object theme moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context, but its is always implied by the verb itself.	succeed in reaching; arrive at;
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally a common attribute.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public;
an employee has a position doing work in a particular field, or doing work on a particular task, for which an employer gives compensation to the employee.	the occupation for which you are paid;
a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context.	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	a social unit living together;
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc;
a theme traverses a trajectory. this trajectory consists of a source, path, and goal. if the theme is sentient, the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme.	a line leading to a place or point;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something;
an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage);
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style;
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category;
this frame describes a particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event;
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute.    note that in this frame, the entity does not experience the temperature, but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute;
an agent occupies a role in some institution. this roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned.	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function;
a figure is located relative to a ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location (generally, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location (generally, the deictic center).	be adjacent or come together;
this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally, participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe, attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	a participant in a date;
this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine;
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target a specific aspect of color.	(used of color) having a dark hue;
a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded;
this frame covers words for body_part(s) (bp) belonging to a possessor (poss), which may be characterized by a descriptor (desc). the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location. a subregion of a bp may also be indicated.	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear;
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases, a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	the condition of living or the state of being alive;
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force, or most important causal factor in some situation, to the exclusion of other competing actors.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance;
an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame (e.g. great, good) can only express permanent, generic states of the entity.	of good quality and condition; solidly built;
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden, forcible contact with an impactee, or manipulates two (or more) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact.	drive something violently into a location;
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer's subjective standard of comfort.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	have life, be alive;
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;
the temperature in a certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against a background assumption that previously, the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist.	deserving or inciting pity;
an agent makes use of a means (either an action or a (system of) entities standing in for the action) in order to achieve a purpose. (this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions.)	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved;
an developer develops a product, in some cases for a company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a record or narrative description of past events;
an influencing_variable, an influencing_situation, or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity, dependent_variable, or a dependent_situation.  compare to subjective_influence. words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world, where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers.	the effect of one thing (or person) on another;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having little impact;
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities
a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is generally passive, although for many types of address (including academic talks and press conferences), a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required.	narrate or give a detailed account of;
the word(s) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	the specified day of the month;
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole's orientation, center, or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part, e.g. relating to its size.	(music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role.	serve a purpose, role, or function;
a place defined by an owner.	the land on which real estate is located;
a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction, dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it, and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body.	a body of rules followed by an assembly
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned;
ambient conditions of temperature, precipitation, windiness, and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated.	free of clouds or rain;
an individual or group (practitioner) or a part of their work life (work) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively, the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings;
a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information.	consistent with fact or reality; not false;
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, analogously to behaver-evaluating words, can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic.	worthy of being depended on;
this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock;
an entity has the ability to contain a theme.	be used by; as of a utility;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	family based on male descent;
two individuals, the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind.	work for or be a servant to;
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something;
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ;
in this frame, there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective, as in	the striking or working surface of an implement
an event takes place at a place and time.	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation;
there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. alternatively, the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [note the connection with *distance, sufficiency, and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased "close enough to be able to".]	a range of mental vision;
in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (down to up and vice versa). the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality.	a major division of a long written composition;
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having strength or power greater than average or expected;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	give help or assistance; be of service;
a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by a nation;
the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment;
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives;
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;
this frame concerns a cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt;
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part, in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon;
a useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	having skin rich in melanin pigments;
in a text, a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled, with the source_of_information made salient.	seek information from;
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware (or not being aware) of the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed jointly or disjointly.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different;
the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	imply as a possibility;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a formal association of people with similar interests;
in this frame an evaluee is described by a (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy
an author creates a text, either written, such as a letter, or spoken, such as a speech, that contains meaningful linguistic tokens, and may have a particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic, although the latter is not an fe in this frame.	recite or repeat a fixed text;
a controlling_entity, controlling_situation, or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent, element or some aspect of it is not just influenced, but determined by the controlling element.	power to direct or determine;
this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession (i.e. robbery or gambling) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent, usually with regard to another person (the controllee) and often with regard to a particular issue. the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in (expressed by) an agent or by some medium (e.g., laws), or by some behavior of the agent, i.e., the controlling_act.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment;
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games;
authorities charge a suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed a crime (the charges), and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter.	record a charge in a police register;
the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed;
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together);
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
an entity exists at a particular location, at a particular time, as observed by an implicit observer. a depictive and/or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity's existence.     in some cases, the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	the state of being absent;
an entity undergoes some change (the event) that is (or is construed as) punctual. (this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited.)	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely;
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a (generally implicit) judge.	very pleasing to the eye;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard. alternatively, an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard. in this frame, the agent, entity, or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale.	fill or meet a want or need
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;
the answer to one open question, the outcome, is dictated (partially or completely) by the answer to another open question, the determinant, i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known, the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed.	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another;
this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container);
these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a (usually unexpressed) judge to give, either in a specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames, medium may also be expressed.	free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound;
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a (typically generic and backgrounded) cognizer on a certain number of occasions, causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object;
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	(of a baseball) hit between the foul lines;
these words refer to parts merging to form a whole. (the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2.) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole.	a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities
a man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame (e.g. foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true, while others do not.	look forward to the probable occurrence of;
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	help to some food; help with food or drink;
an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building.	a pane of glass in a window;
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	the feelings expressed on a person's face;
geography as defined by its use.	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose;
a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known, given the (usually implicit) evidence, perceiver, and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, such as visible, audible, etc., the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience.	be or become visible or noticeable;
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	devoted (sometimes fanatically) to a cause or concept or truth;
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with;
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected;
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case.	decide with authority;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;
an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal. alternatively, a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression.	activity directed toward making or doing something;
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families
this frame contains words referring to items of food.	a particular day specified as the time something happens;
a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness, in other words the amount of money in their possession.	having little money or few possessions;
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis. this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result.	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	not faint or feeble;
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life.	living things collectively;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge;
this frame has to do with the repetition (and especially the frequency of repetition) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual;
this frame contains transparent nouns (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group, set, these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own. initially, at least, we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame, though we may split the frame along these lines later on.	not excessive or extreme;
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind;
an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of;
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;
in this frame, which is a part of the trial sequence, a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case.	decide on and make a declaration about;
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	a language unit by which a person or thing is known;
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is, therefore, marked as a null instantiation.	established customary state (especially of society);
the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs.     the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases, as shown in the following	showing a brooding ill humor;
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society.	make a discovery, make a new finding;
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	a characteristic state or mode of living;
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression;
this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
geography as defined by its use.	a place where work is done;
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;
a person (the cognizer) comes to believe something (the content), sometimes after a process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic, i.e. that which the mental content is about.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	state or say further;
this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring. the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element.  notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb, that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event.	involving substantial risk;
in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as a direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually);
the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication, but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument.	to hear and understand;
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use);
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera;
a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed;
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in a location.	an indication that something has been present;
a competition comes to an end, with a competitor tying, winning, or losing against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (in the symmetrical situation of a tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors.) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved, they may receive a rank or a prize. the margin may also be mentioned.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race;
measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward.
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat.
(finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something.
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground.
an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded.
The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something.
utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way.
the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity.
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone.
printed version of electronic data from a computer	(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to former state	return to a former condition.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of testing something.
become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time.
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something.
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something.
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith.
(cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange a program of or for.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of.
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place.
a store or supply of something	a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force).
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through a sieve.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	to wind or move in a spiral course.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation.
be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something.
the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make a dry crackling sound.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something.
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities of something.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
(the content of) a communication.	the last section of a communication.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to a lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes).
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use.
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface.
The act of testing something.	the act of starting something.
cover with a primer base	cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate	make a logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in a different script.	extend in a different direction.
the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new.
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance.
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something.
the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something.
Give a performative affectation to (something).	give a performance (of something).
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something.
be a reason, cause, or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
retreat or move from a position, relocate	remove from a position or office.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something.
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins.
a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something.
The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something.
have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin.
behave or move in a certain manner	dress in a certain manner.
The act of testing something.	the act of raising something.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant.
The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something.
12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something.
(cause to) become even or level	make even or more even.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower.
a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something.
put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources.
the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry.
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something.
the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	maintain with or as if with a bet.
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something.
rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	cause to come out in a squirt.
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form.
a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something.
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something.
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something.
position in football played by a team member	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something.
incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of.
come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of a liquid.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	alternative names for the body of a human being.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering.
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something.
a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances.
protect with or as if with a shield	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something.
(cause to) move gently back and forth	cause to move back and forth.
the state of being in contact	the state of being active.
The act of testing something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something.
change (dramatically) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended.
design for a specific purpose	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
a mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
do something considered below one's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something.
the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
be or have a quality of being	the quality of being significant.
Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	a reason for wanting something done.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
come up, as of liquid or gas	take up, as of debts or payments.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	a way or means to achieve something.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something.
amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an established or recognized right.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	the occupants of a floor.
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
an observer of a process or activity	a member of a police force.
an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity.
the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone.
the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind.
the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	affect with or as if with a cramp.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	become liquid or fluid when heated.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of making up your mind about something.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	something additional of the same kind.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
club or association of people with a shared interest	a formal association of people with similar interests.
free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties.
the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something.
the act of arriving at a certain place	the act of putting something in a certain place.
medium of exchange minted by a government	the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court.
make a written note of something	make a written note of.
the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
a citizen of ancient Troy	a native of ancient Troy.
The act of testing something.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of terminating a life.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
the act of clipping, cutting	the act of describing something.
Physically raise from a lower position.	raise from a lower to a higher position.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of retaining something.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
smother, surpress or lessen something	the act of testing something.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious.
The human act of making something new.	the act of making or enacting laws.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	the intended meaning of a communication.
be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
utter in a certain way	react to in a certain way.
have or be covered with bristles	the state of being covered with unclean things.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting.
be located at or on top of something	make a film or photograph of something.
be in or establish communication with	move or establish in a new location.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something.
a collection of something, often a large amount	a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
whip with or as if with a whisk	urge with or as if with a goad.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart	a disease of the heart.
decorate a manuscript with red	decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
the act of devoting time and energy to something	the act of liberating someone or something.
verify something by comparing to a standard	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
put heels on a shoe	put a new heel on.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something.
make images or sounds less sharp	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
person who is a social companion	a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the management of someone or something.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	work as a tinker or tinkerer.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws.
a social occasion, often official or formal	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
move in such a way as to avoid	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
The state of being absent.	the act of climbing something.
remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	cause to become widely known.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	any area set aside for a particular purpose.
the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something.
to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of a crime.
the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works.
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	a business firm that publishes newspapers.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating; providing incentive.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances.
Make marks in the surface of.	make small marks into the surface of.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	take up with the tongue.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping.
spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability.
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something.
The act of testing something.	the act of climbing something.
manner of handling, managing someone or something	the management of someone or something.
the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	put an end to a state or an activity.
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of starting something.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the state of taking in or encircling.
a person who plants or detonates explosives	a person who plants bombs.
make fit for a specific purpose	suit to a special purpose.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust	strike with horror or terror.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A state of confusion or disorder.	throw into great confusion or disorder.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of retaining something.
Cook in cream or using cream.	add cream to one's coffee, for example.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose	suit to a special purpose.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of losing someone or something.
a state of being encircled	the state of being depleted.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to a metrical pattern.
a major branch of a tree	a small thin branch of a tree.
the act of lifting something	the act of starting something.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	walk as if unable to control one's movements.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
make fit for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side.
an indication of something, evidence	an indication of some hidden activity.
The state of being absent.	the state of being suspected.
(cause to) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
the selection of a lottery winner	the last section of a communication.
being in a protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of escaping physically.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
Create a coating for something.	give a performance (of something).
Create a coating for something.	the act of projecting out from something.
restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	the justification for some act or belief.
presentation of a musical theme	(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world.
the act of taking an offer	the act of making a proposal.
a group of people appointed to a committee	a committee appointed to judge a competition.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
situate, position, come to rest	settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
the act of lifting something	the act of damaging something or someone.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
the act of lifting something	the act of testing something.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of retaining something.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	give certain properties to something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something.
confine in or as if in a prison	enclose in or as if in a frame.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	make believe with the intent to deceive.
the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
the center region of an object	the center of an object.
an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	form a carpet-like cover (over).
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done.
the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
the act of pulling a load	the act of dwelling in a place.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of projecting out from something.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of projecting out from something.
turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something.
the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
the central area of an object	the center of an object.
the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something.
the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of.
the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Make or create something for a specific function.	make something, usually for a specific function.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	get rid of as if by submerging.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	organize or be responsible for.
strive against another or others to attain a goal	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
The act of testing something.	the act of cracking something.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	remove from a position or office.
the act of directing attention, resources to something	the act of colliding with something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	ride on someone's shoulders or back.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of mixing together.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
the translation of an opus from one language to another	the act of moving from one place to another.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	dispose of (something useless or old).
The state of being absent.	the state of being excommunicated.
rise to surface; become visible or known	appear or become visible; make a showing.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	lessen in force or effect.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off	a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
The act of testing something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone.
put in a particular place or abstract location	put into a certain place or abstract location.
the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid	the act of administering medication.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
cover with wooden boards; secure	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
a lid or top of a container	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of adding one thing to another.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely.
provide a seat or base for	provide a feast or banquet for.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
an observer of a process or activity	a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to	give new life or energy to.
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	Suspected drug lord known as El Taliban held in Mexico
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case	SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war	Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran  video
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast	Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
Netanyahu set to call early vote	Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Polls open in Russian presidential election
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
Annan warns talks of Syria risks	Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist	U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	China's Wen promises job creation
Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria	Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney names Ryan as running mate
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp	Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	Nigeria church blast kills at least 12
French election turnout higher than expected	French presidential election: first round - live updates
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Egypts Coptic Church Names New Pope	Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	Polls open in France for presidential election
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government	The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks	16 killed in north Iraq attacks
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon	Coty bids $10 billion for Avon
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall	Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace	China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy	AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	South Korea to boost nuclear power?
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn	AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted	Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
Greece votes in crucial election	Greece looks set for repeat election
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
I'll Have Another retired to stud	I'll Have Another wins Preakness
Syria journalists rescue bid fails	Journalists smuggled out of Homs
New sex claim hits Secret Service	New rules for US Secret Service
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall	Iranians confess to nuclear scientist murders
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President
Rimsha Masih released on bail	Mandela released from hospital
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers	Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	British Christians take complaints to European court
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel	Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA	US decries Pakistan doctor's fate
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
New Jersey School Bans Hugging	US school bans hugging
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	Tsunami warning after Canada quake
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case	US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey	3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
China stocks close mixed Friday	China stocks open lower Friday
India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
Dali painting stolen from gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Capello quits as England manager	Capello resigns as England manager
One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects	Annan urges end to Syrian violence
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs	Syria says troops have begun pullout  video
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ	Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	Four men admit London bombs plot
PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria	Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Senators can return to playoffs with victory	Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up	Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
South Africa train crash kills at least 19	South Africa train crash kills 26
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Gusmao powers on in East Timor
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video	UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army	Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
Five killed in China building collapse	At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
Syrians trade blame over blasts	Israel braces for Arab protests
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik drops far-right salute in court	Breivik gets 21-year sentence
Second teenager charged with murder	Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote	Polls open across France in presidential election
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	Mandela Discharged From Hospital
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	NZ to increase exports to China
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	Muslims torch Buddhist temples
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan	Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes	10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks	Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named	British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal	Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Algerian government parties dominate elections	Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Security official killed in Yemen	Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
No blocks to investment	India allows Pakistan investment
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan	Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House	Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house
Government promises action on Heathrow queues	Finance minister promises no new taxes
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
Obama team raises debate stakes	Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks	U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally	Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests	Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO	Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office	Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy	Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
Sarkozy announces re-election bid	France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device	Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring	Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
Head of CIA resigns over affair	Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	Barclays hit by fresh US probe
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	Closed roads in Armenia
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK	Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
US drone strike kills 8 militants	US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials
Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
China stocks open flat Monday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Obama endorses same-sex marriage	Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials	Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary
East German rights activist Gauck elected president	Joachim Gauck elected as German president
South Africa starts investigating mine violence	South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think	Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed
3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency	Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees	Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Man arrested over double murder	WA man arrested in police drug raid
Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
Warship sets sail for Falklands	British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
Syrian journalists killed in capital	US Marines killed in base attack
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	US helping get arms to Syria rebels
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village
Publisher acquitted in privacy case	PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
Greek PM to announce new election	Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Government of Canada Supports Montral Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones	Charges over dog attack on police
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
Eurozone backs Greek bailout	Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
Two blasts hit Syria capital	Two blasts rock Syrian capital
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met	US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	Greece to vote on 2013 budget
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama	Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	Obama backs same-sex marriage
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	England captain Strauss retires from cricket
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
Journalists hail London Olympics opening	Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails	WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
Mali's President Hands in Resignation	Mali's President Formally Resigns
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria	Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	Israel among top arms exporters and importers
Egyptians to vote for new president	Somali MPs to elect new president
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
China stocks close mixed Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses	Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters
43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in India
Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
China trade returns to surplus in March	Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	Five things to watch in the presidential debate
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport	Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre	Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
Conspiracy against me - Lance	Day begins amid panic
Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent	US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan	Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Polls open in Russian presidential election	Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
Mali interim leader takes office	Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
More than 30 striking miners killed	More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters	Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	Music industry mourns Whitney Houston
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case	Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	US man recovers car 42 years after theft
Google CEO says Android important, not critical	Larry Page says Android important, not critical
Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president	Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'	Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.
Mandela released from hospital	Israeli president released from hospital
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels	Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing 15,000 a year'
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate
First significant gas found offshore Kenya	Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials	CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
Glorious triple-gold night for Britain	Britain savors golden night on track
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
Police 'did not link' Savile claims	BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high
James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	UN team investigates Syrian massacre
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed	Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	Egyptians go to polls in historic election
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states	Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale	Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated
Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria	Eight more bodies found on ship
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
Australians flee homes amid floods	Australian speaker steps aside
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights
UK spends 3m on foreign prisons	US spends $50m on carp invasion
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone	France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	Spanish dilemma gets more acute
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary	Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood	Sylvester Stallones son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years	Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	Israel bars German author Grass over poem
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
Hollande wins French presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges	Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
Syria peace plan conditions unacceptable, opposition says	Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears	Oil rises after Greek election result
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Obama silent on China dissident	Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound	Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire	Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
Prince Philip hospitalised in London	Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba	Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies	'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72
Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt	Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies	Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	Who cares about the Syrian people?
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home	Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
Mauritanian president shot by army unit	Mauritanian president shot at
Syria hands over bodies of journalists	Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	Assad makes Red Cross pledge
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Clinton ready to fight for Obama	Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub	Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker	Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
Avengers sets box office record	'Hunger Games' sets box office records
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing	German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	Putin to win Russia's presidential election
UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China	Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross	Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Penn State football players react to sanctions	Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO	Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking	Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
Indonesian president to visit UK	Indonesian president to visit Australia
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns	ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention
Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio	Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	Russian air force's 100th anniversary
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
Apple iPad mini makes debut	Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Teenager and father killed in crash	Three killed in horror crash are named
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
Breivik complains of 'ridicule'	Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection	Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners	Myanmar announces release of prisoners
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
Spain asks for bank rescue	Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissidents death
East Timor votes in presidential election	Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
Romney rocked by secret video	Romney taped at secret donor talk
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	Romney won't volunteer budget differences
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria	Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon	KL shares lower at mid-morning
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	Rodney King death ruled accidental
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion	Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid	Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
China mine accident kills 10	China truck accident kills 20
Australia can eclipse England in Windies	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes	Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity	Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
Woman killed by falling debris	When an ally declines
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
Obama to meet families of shooting victims	Obama to meet Batman gun victims
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll
Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
What the Pope's butler saw  aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Popes butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
U.N. to take up Syria resolution	UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
Soldier 'can't recall' massacre	US soldier doesnt recall massacre
Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin	French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
Syrian forces storm central town	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests	25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police	UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising	Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing	Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops	Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
Cheap generics no panacea for Indias poorest	Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time	Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	South Africa train crash kills 26
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot	Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	Norway marks anniversary of massacre
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president	Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA	N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home
Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed
Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses
Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	US waives riders for Pak aid
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
Egypt's Mubarak critical	Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power
Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate	Obama and Romney take stage for first debate
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote	Complaints in Russian election mount
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Spain jobless rate hits new high	Spain's jobless claims hit new high
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case	Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	Two year doping ban for Contador
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair	The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
Malawi confirms president's death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess	Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7	Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	German parliament endorses Greek bailout
Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
Usain Bolt wins 200m  Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
7 dead in Christian school shooting	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter	Bests great day brings West Indies cheer
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice
Rangers voted into Division Three	Rangers voted into third division
Syria in ceasefire observers call	Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West	Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say
F1 protests in Bahrain	A day of rage in Bahrain
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July	China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July
Homs mortar fire kills 105	Homs offensive kills 200
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries	10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence	At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police	Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.	Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
